
:: How to Create and Add a New Command ::

1. Decide which package your command belongs in. See notes/commands.txt for package descriptions. If your command
   can be grouped with another similar command, you may create a sub-package within the correct command package.
   If you believe your command doesn't fit any package listed or don't know which one it should be in, ask me and
   I'll either tell you where it goes or suggest a new package name.
     
     Ex: You want to create a command that posts a lmgtfy.com link from the arguments. Since the entire purpose of
         this command is to have the bot post a link, it is a message service. Thus, the correct package to place
         your new command in is com.rath.rathbot.cmd.msg
         
2. Decide if your command will have any sub-commands. Sub-commands are commands contained within your command.
   For example, 'edit' is a sub-command of 'faq' because 'faq edit' is the command to edit a saved FAQ. If your
   command will have sub-commands, create a new package within the correct command package with your command's
   name at the end.
    
3. Right click the package you will create your command in. Select New -> Class. Enter your command the bot will
   respond to with its first letter capitalized, followed by "Cmd". For example, if your command is "lmgtfy", your
   class will be called "LmgtfyCmd". If your command is also an acronym, it can also be capitalized, minus the
   "Cmd" part. This isn't necessary, but I'd like to keep everything consistent.
   
4. Edit your class to inherit from RBCommand. Override all abstract methods in the parent class, and read the
   Javadoc associated with them if you don't know what they do.
   
5. If your command has sub-commands, override getSubcommands(). This overridden method will need to return a Set
   of RBCommand's, where each element is a reference to the sub-command's instantiation. A HashSet should be used
   instead of a TreeSet since RBCommand is not comparable.
   
6. If your command requires a setup step, override setupCommand(). This method is called during the bot's startup,
   so if there is any data that needs to be loaded from disk, do that here.
   
7. Override executeCommand() by copying a template from notes/templates.txt.

8. Ensure that JUnit is included in the project's build path, and create tests for it (Google "test-driven
   development" for more information). Place your tests in the same package name as your command, but replace "com"
   with "test". For example, if your class is located in "com.rath.rathbot.msg", your test will be located in
   "test.rath.rathbot.msg". You can find the test packages in the "test" folder in the project root. If nothing
   is possible to test, that's alright.
   
9. Once you have a reasonable amount of test coverage where you can, begin coding your command. Don't forget to add
   helpful comments and document your command by filling out the Javadoc for your class itself, each of its fields,
   methods, and constructors. I will not accept a pull request if your code is not commented.



